In Italy, before getting married,
it's usually necessary to make
a marriage announcement at the city hall.
It usually takes about two weeks to announce the marriage,
to ensure there are no objections
or other legal issues.
If someone objects during the announcement period,
will the marriage not be valid?
What's the act?
Jin Lingling, I originally planned to let you go to that
substandard school. Since you've fallen asleep,
then...
I...
Huo Jiuling? How did you get back?
What did you just say?
Sunset.
What's with the acting?
Ah? I don't understand.
Nothing. Since you're sleepy,
just go to sleep.
You're going to sleep here tonight?
Where else would I sleep, Mrs. Huo?